KiCAD Libraries
Copyright (c) 2012/2013 Oliver Kirsch <oli@unprofessional.info>

Version  (development) - 0.0.x


This library includes a bunch of symbols and footprints ("modules")
for the EDA software KiCAD. You are free to use, copy, change,
distribute, do-whatever-with it; see LICENSE for some more details.

Basically I designed things that I used, I'm currently using, I'm
planning to use one of these days, I could think of perhaps using 
someday in the far future or that I just thought of fitting well
into the collection. Therefore the library definitely is not 
exhaustive. Besides, frankly there is a high probabiliy of bugs
in the library as unfortunately I am not perfect and, even sadder, 
I neither have the time nor the money to check any component by
building a circuit on a PCB out of it. So I kindly ask you for 
your help by sending me any comments, corrections, improvements 
and suggestions you have.

The complete library was built "from scratch" for several reasons:
* It's always a good idea to manage your own library as you
  will be independent from software updates that might under
  certain circumstances screw your former work (I made this 
  experience with some opamps ...)
* The original libraries contain a lot of stuff. Some I use
  regulary, but a lot I'll never need. On the other hand, some
  parts that are important to me are not included. So I had
  to do some work anyway.
* Frankly, I am uncertain about the license of the original 
  libraries. They might be distributed under the terms of the
  GPL; at least some of the libraries I used before are. While
  I personally think, that the GPL is a great thing when 
  publishing software, I feel uncomfortable with GPL-licensed
  libraries. (Fortunately ;-)) I am not a lawyer, but in my 
  opinion the copyleft terms of the GPL might aswell affect
  any schematics/pcb design that uses GPL libraries, as the
  library's code becomes part at least of the .brd-files. 
  I do not suppose any module editor will sue me, when I 
  publish only an image/pdf/postscript of a PCB board I have
  done using their library, but from a strictly legal point
  of view it might be neccessary to include the "source code"
  of your work with any distribution (and license it under the
  terms of the GPL). This might be a show-stopper for any
  commercial hardware production and is most probably not 
  what library/module editors have in mind.
* To avoid any similar legal issues I decided to license my
  library in a way to maximize the user's freedom. So you may
  do anything you want with my library. 
  It is not neccessary, but kind of a nice gesture, that you
  add a notice about the original author to your derivated work.
  Furthermore I'd be happy to hear your comments, corrections,
  ideas, "bug-reports" etc.

The library will be kept on github to provide a well-usuable 
versioning. I will try to keep backward-compatibility as good as
this is possible. However, as this early version has to be seen as
"alpha" status, I really can't promise anything right now as there
might be too many bugs included right now.


May 2012
Oliver Kirsch <oli@unprofessional.info>
